CMOS-265: Add Memcached Too Many Open Connections Alert (#200)
couchbaselabs/observability: docs/modules/ROOT/partials/cmos-health-checks.adoc

*Further Reading*: https://docs.couchbase.com/server/current/learn/services-and-indexes/services/analytics-service.html[Analytics Service]

[#CB90056]
=== Memcached Connections Rejected (CB90056)

> *Background*: If Memcached has too many open connections then it won't allow any new ones to be made.

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
*Background*: If `memcached` (the Data Service) has too many open connections then it won't allow any new ones to be made.
```

Author: 👍

This will result in client errors on applications attempting to connect to Couchbase Server

> *Condition*: The number of open connections to memcached reaches its limit.

Reviewer: Wrapping technical terms in \`backticks\` makes the spell checker ignore them.

Author: 👍

> *Condition*: The number of open connections to `memcached` reaches its limit (set as warning if detected once and alert if detected multiple times in a 24 hour period).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Condition*: The number of open connections to `memcached` reaches its limit at least once. Upgraded to a critical alert if this happens more than once.
```
